Analyst, Data valorization
Apply
remote type
The work arrangement for the position is hybrid work
locations
Montréal
Lévis
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 9 Days Ago
job requisition id
R2512385
Temporary position for 12 months.

As a data analyst, you collect, process, analyze and use data that comes through different channels. You extract, describe, analyze and interpret the data needed to make informed business decisions. You lead stakeholders in projects for designing analytical solutions adapted to a wide range of business needs and in complex strategic data collection, processing and analysis interventions. You make recommendations on the planning and execution of operationally and conceptually complex analytical projects and initiatives that involve using your ability to use multiple databases, your analytical skills and your in depth, comprehensive understanding of the line of business and the organization. Your initiatives require extensive, in-depth knowledge of your line of work. You serve as a data use specialist advisor and subject matter expert for various stakeholders, and as a resource person and coach for decision-making bodies. You interact with many stakeholders in other fields to understand and communicate issues, and influence decision-making. More specifically, you will be required to:

Analyze and identify user needs and work on complex mandates to collect, process and analyze data, taking into account the specifics of their operationalization and ensuring coordination during the rollout 

Develop and improve reports and tools for interpreting operationally and conceptually complex data to influence the sector's strategic decision-making

Target opportunities to improve work methods and processes, and recommend improvements to data management tools 

Serve as specialist advisor to help teams understand and prioritize their needs, and identify solutions in terms of collecting, processing, analyzing and interpreting data

Perform descriptive and diagnostic data analyses for a wide range of complex mandates and make recommendations to the relevant decision-making bodies from a data collection, processing and analysis perspective.

What we offer*

Competitive salary and annual bonus

4 weeks of flexible vacation starting in the first year

Defined benefit pension plan that provides predictable, stable income throughout retirement

Group insurance including telemedicine

Reimbursement of health and wellness expenses and telework equipment

* Benefits apply based on eligibility criteria.

What you bring to the table 

Bachelor's degree in a related field

A minimum of six years of relevant experience

Please note that other combinations of qualifications and relevant experience may be considered

Knowledge of French is required

Action oriented, Business insight, Complexity, Customer Focus, Differences, Nimble learning
#LI-Hybrid

Trade Union (If applicable)

At Desjardins, we believe in equity, diversity and inclusion. We're committed to welcoming, respecting and valuing people for who they are as individuals, learning from their differences, embracing their uniqueness, and providing a positive workplace for all. At Desjardins, we have zero tolerance for discrimination of any kind. We believe our teams should reflect the diversity of the members, clients and communities we serve.

If there's something we can do to help make the recruitment process or the job you're applying for more accessible, let us know. We can provide accommodations at any stage in the recruitment process. Just ask!

Job Family

Data (FG)
Unposting Date

2025-10-17